Hello, everyone. We're in the second video for the Amazon Lex Facebook Chatbot.
And we'll be going over just some basic setup
and some pointers to where you should look out for certain things,
that I personally, had some trouble looking for,
such as the security keys you need to integrate Facebook into the Chatbot.
So first thing off, we're just going to start with a Facebook page and jump into there.
So this is just a basic Facebook page,
I called it FoodBot because it's something that you can use to order food with.
And you can just use Facebook to create a page,
you just need a Facebook account to do it.
And then you can just have a page there set up for your application.
The next part is, you need a Facebook application
to actually integrate it with some kind of Chatbot.
And you can just look up developers at Facebook.
I will provide links directly to what you need to go through and
some more defined instructions where I need you to create the Chatbot.
But some notes is that you need two things from
the Facebook application is the App Secret and the page ID.
The App Secret is located on the main part of
the Facebook app that you'll be creating, and it's at the dashboard.
And you can click here,
App Secret and show.
I'm not going to show it because I want to keep it secret,
and I don't want anyone else to see it so that they can access my Chatbot.
The next part we need is the Facebook,
I think ID, access token there you go.
And you might want to choose this and this is the access token for that.
Just quickly go away from it unless you want to pause there and copy that down.
But just click that and you get the access token for that.
And the next part we want to do, is actually,
create an Amazon Lex Bot so that you'll process all the messages that we send to it.
So you can see here we created OrderFoodBot.
And we gave some sample utterances such as "I want food," and "I would like to buy food."
Note here, I only gave it these to sample things,
and it still understood that when I misspelled want,
that it still understood that that was supposed to be wants.
So something like quick autocorrection.
And then here, we only have one intent for this bot which is to make an order.
And that order comprises of a restaurant,
food and a client location,
basically where to deliver it to.
We just set it up as Amazon FoodEstablishment for the restaurant and
then we chose what we wanted to do with it. So we did what city?
Not what city, but we did these three questions that we just wrote ourselves.
You can customize it to whatever you want.
Or you can even create your own slot types which is basically,
you don't have to use one of these Amazon provided ones, you can create your own.
And click that again to get out of that.
And the section just a confirmation prompt.
As you can see before I ordered,
I did answer the three questions and then it
confirms again with the answers to those three questions,
whether or not I want to continue with the order.
And are you sure you want to order the food?
As you can see here, you can just insert the food things.
That should have mostly been covered with the Lex Bot "Hello World",
but we're just going to go over it again real quick.
Here we have the fulfillment section which is basically,
after they get the order set up,
what to do with that message,
and how to get it to the owner,
let's say the McDonald's.
So here we have a lambda function called
fulfillFoodOrder and then we have a goodbye message here,
that's not as relevant for now,
but that's just like the last message that the user will see.
And here the fulfillment we can't,
it's fulfillFoodOrder so we just jump to the lambda function.
And then here is the lambda function.
Essentially, it's almost the same as just running the same Python script on for example,
the DragonBoard or my laptop,
with the Amazon Web Services SDK installed.
But this is just running on Amazon Web Services
and it's great for just sending in a message,
and processing something, and responding back.
So here we just import the Python library
or the AWS Python SDK which is Boto3.
We set up an SNS client.
And then we have a lambda function that handles everything coming in.
So you just define the function and we have an event and a context.
So the main part we want is an event.
And basically, the event is
a js node-structured message and it has all these parts to it.
So we just extract the ones that we want for example,
restaurant, food and address,
extract those out here.
And then we publish it to SNS topic which
is the text message and the email service again.
And then we also return a message to the Chatbot so that it can
respond with a thank you message or a confirmation.
And then after we have that lambda function set up,
we want to set up with Facebook.
We click here on channels.
As you see here we can also integrate with Kik,
Slack and Twilio SMS, as mentioned earlier.
And basically, you want to choose the channel name.
You don't need a description and the IAM roles are already created.
You want to choose AWS Lex for the KMS key.
And you want to choose whatever version of your bot that you have.
So in this case, I only have one version which is
production version and a verified token.
Now this can be anything you want,
so I use Simon to verify and it
has to be the same when you intergrate it on the Facebook app.
And then we need those two things you needed from the Facebook application slash project.
You need to put a lot here.
Here's the page access token that we got
last and the App Secret that I mentioned earlier.
And basically, you just need to activate it and copy this URL and head
over to Messenger, the app platform.
Go to Messengers, and go into Webhooks.
So here, if you didn't already have a Webhook,
but since I already have one I don't need to do it.
You can just click here, add a webhook and then
select messages and message postbacks options.
And once that's done, you want to subscribe your Facebook page to that using this,
and you use Facebookbot.
And here it says unsubscribe,
but if you haven't subscribed already it will just let you subscribe to it.
And then you can just interact with it.
Again, for example, clicking this I want food.
And that's basically all you need to do.
We'll be providing more resources on how to do this,
and some clarifications, more on the Github and on the readings that we provide.
So that is just some quick tips and tricks and a brief
walk-through of what we had to do to set up this Chatbot on Facebook.
If you like to learn how to do on other services,
we recommend using your favorite search engine
and looking out for examples of other people doing it,
or using Amazon's documentation to integrate it would say, Slack or Kik.
So, thank you for keeping up with us for this video.
We'll be going over a signholic after this.
Just going over some topics about
all the stuff that we covered in the last two videos. And stay tuned.